 I was not breaking news. They're a different basketball team with a healthy whole LeBron James. 15 games over 500 when he's healthy. Three games under 500. Creates offense for himself and his teammates. They need him. They all Jeff Steph Curry what he's done over the past month and a half has been absolutely brilliant. He's as valuable as any player in this league. They play great defense and they have the ultimate home run hitter. Up beneath the team it hasn't been easy this season but both finished up the regular season strong. The Lakers ended with a five game winning streak. And the Warriors ended with a six game winning streak. Watch out James again with that right ankle. He played last couple of games did tweak it on Sunday. But he played very well in those final two games. And here's one of the fun matchups in this series. Anthony Davis has to take a tough shot well defended by Draymond Green. Obviously both teams would love to get the win tonight and give it a little extra time to heal and prepare for their opponent as Andrew Wiggins gets inside and gets the bucket. To me he's the key. They need 25 from him tonight to be able to score enough to win. Schroeder. Nice play and drumming. Well a big flush down the other end. And that's a welcome sight for Laker fans. It's not Anthony Davis and LeBron James making every play. But you get Schroeder making plays for drumming. They can be dangerous. Ken Fatesmore for three. That's good. You know Steve Kerr talking before the game knows it's a taunting test against the Laker team when healthy. They're as good as anybody in the league. But he also knows just one game that's all you have to win. This is not a playoff series. It's a one game and move on. Schroeder's jumper. Ball tipped and taken by Draymond Green. On the season Warriors 39 and 33 but they finished winning 15 of their final 20 games in the regular season. Just great basketball as Wiggins knocks down another. And he's playing with a lot more confidence. Look at that. He didn't wait for Steph Curry to make a play. Waved everybody out of the way and took advantage of his matchup. James to Davis. Davis goes right at Draymond Green. Again well defended. Davis thought he was hit. Lakers have not been dominant at home this season. Clearly a lot of that had to do with missing the two players. As Curry pulls back. But despite all the misses as Draymond Green kicks it out to Bazemore. And Bazemore from the elbow jumper way off. Looney has to throw it up. Then hit the rim and it goes in. Kavon Looney very aware of the shot clock about to expire. But Jeff you talked about without Anthony Davis and LeBron James you were impressed as Schroeder misses. Impressed the way the Lakers kept being competitive. Absolutely. Defensively they remained rock solid. They just had some troubles offensively. But what they've done defensively all year to be the best team in the league at that end is special. Curry throws the pass stolen by Anthony Davis. Number one rated defensive team. Davis for three. Rebound kept alive by Drummond but he's going to be called for a loose ball foul. Andre Drummond signed at the end of March after a buyout. With the Cavaliers. This is his 22nd game. Started all 21 games. Average just under 12 points. Little over 10 rebounds. But Frank Vogels is still a work in progress trying to get him comfortable and familiar with playing with his new teammates. Curry to Looney. Curry using a dream on green screen. Nice feet inside. Looney. Shot blocked. Andre Drummond with the rejection. Looney was ready to throw it down. James to Davis. James with the tip and with the left hand. And Frank Vogels irate. He thought Davis got fouled again. I thought it was a good block. Curry flips it up. Shot too strong. Looney back out to Bazemore. Wide open three. And Vogel wants a timeout. Hot start. Such so many different matchups to look at and have fun. Let's start with Steph Curry. Jeff. How do the Lakers try and guard him? What do you think their game plan will be? Well the thing I think for a great defensive team like the Lakers that they have to avoid is overreacting to Curry and leaving others open. That's what's happened to start this game. Meanwhile Mark. A big question for Frank Vogel and the Lakers. They've got the size advantage. They've got the traditional centers. Golden State likes to play small ball. How do you handle that if you're Frank Vogel? Well to me I like to see him post up LeBron James. Hence a smaller. Wiggins are last possessing. Bazemore defending him. Take advantage of that size and strength creating offense for himself as an aggressive or for his teammates. Wiggins has had a terrific year defensively. And Golden State the fifth rated defense in the NBA this year. Oh and Wiggins with the block of James. Has to fire it up. And it's the side of the backboard. Great defensive play from Andrew Wiggins. This is a great defensive play coach but in my opinion LeBron lets him off the hook. He fades away. There's no help coming. That's one on one. Beat him on your terms. Go towards the basket as opposed to fading away from him. Absolutely. Wiggins had a strong finish to the season especially after the All-Star break. Not only the defense but averaging over 20 per game. Ball deflected by Caldwell Pope. Wiggins guarded by James down the other end. Knocks down the three. Pretty good couple of sequences for Andrew Wiggins to start his play-in game. He's had a tremendous year. I mean when he's the third most important player like he was in Minnesota the year they went to the playoffs when he was there. It's a perfect role for him. I mean he's played exceptional basketball this year. Particularly the second half of the year. Drummond puts it on the floor. Double team back out to Davis. Shot clock down a three. James a three-pointer. Way off. And Draymond Green the rebound the Lakers have missed nine of their first 11 from the field. Bazemore running. Gets it to Looney. And Looney. And a hell ball with Anthony Davis. I'm just thinking about it. Think about your third best player with the ability to average 20 to 25 points. You put Clay Thompson with this unit. Watch out next year. Absolutely. And I give Steve Kerr a lot of credit. He's narrowed his rotation. They play eight guys now. There's more comfort level. They're an older team. They're experienced. You don't go far in the NBA playoffs playing all young guys. You saw Clay Thompson there. Once that injury changed a lot of plans for the Golden State Warriors. James now guarded by Bazemore. Wiggins helps out. Schroeder. Good ball movement here. Caldwell Pope. Good luck. Knocks down the three. And that's what they want out of that double team. I would rather stunt at Anthony Davis. Stay at home with Caldwell Pope and make Anthony Davis shoot and make threes. You see Schroeder initially on Steph Curry. There'll be a number of players. James with the deflection but Wiggins able to get it back. Shot clock down to four. Wiggins pull up three. And Drummond rips down the rebound. Drummond one of the premier elite rebounders in the game throughout his career. Caldwell Pope. Off balance. James goes down the lane. The runner. And draws the foul on Bazemore. Well they get the switch and then they double. And they full rotate. That's a long closeout by Wiggins. Again, I would have rather stunted off of Caldwell Pope and made Anthony Davis shoot the long ball. And Mike, did we have starting lineups earlier? Yes. I wish they were sponsored by Taco Bell. And I could have said sponsored by Taco Fall. I'm surprised you waited so long to take your first shot. Man, you didn't come up for breath. So I've been sitting on that. James, it's the free throw. But congratulations to you on truly a Hall of Fame career. It was an honor to be at your induction. Absolutely well deserved and an incredible speech. You made us proud, partner. Thank you, gentlemen. But this is a fact. I couldn't have done it without you. Man, we don't need to hear that. That's fake hustle, man. That's like saying Curry couldn't have done it without Jordan Bell. Come on. Why can't you just say thank you as well? Thank you. No, no. You don't mean that. Don't say thank you. He's not sincere, man. It's about him. Warriors lead by six. Schroeder guarding Curry again. Curry launches a three-pointer. That one off the mark for the rebound. Juan Toscano Anderson. Draymond Green tries a three. That misses. Drummond hauls in another rebound. Michael Mulder. Here's Baysmore. Here's Baysmore. Here's Baysmore. Mulder runs to the corner, but Baysmore banks it. Won't go. Descano Anderson misses the tip. Here comes James. Schroeder, corner three. James, the offensive rebound. Quick move inside. Draws the contact. Shot won't go, but a foul. And he will go right back to the free throw line. But I don't want to sound like a broken record, but that's the type of plays he's got to make, especially the way that they're defending him. And I understand coming off injuries, trying to feel his way through the game. But as we move closer and closer towards getting involved into this game, I expect to see LeBron a little bit more aggressive. You see those two games, the last two of the regular season, did tweak again the ankle on Sunday, but nothing serious. James missing a career-high 27 games. Only played 45 games. Had those 20 consecutive out with the ankle injury. Now playing in the play-in game where he famously said, whoever came up with, this should be fired. I think the whole thing has been pretty exciting. Curry on the drive. Flips it up. Back shot is good. Steph Curry with his first field goal. Coach, just look at the size difference between these two teams on the floor right now. At every position. James finds Caldwell Pope. Another corner three. Another one knocking it down. Caldwell Pope. Two for two from three-point range. Welcome back to Warriors Lakers. Now if you see LeBron James go to the bench a little more often than usual in this first half, Coach Frank Vogel told me that's because the more minutes LeBron plays, the more his ankle tends to stiffen up. So they are going to try, if they don't fall too far behind here, to backload his minutes and keep him under 30 total. Now you just saw the play back in March where he got initially hurt. This is where he tweaked it again just three days ago. LeBron told us he hasn't stopped thinking about the way this injury derailed his season. He had to rehab for more than six weeks and said, quote, I hated every moment of it. But Mike, he said he's ready to move forward and he doesn't anticipate his movement being limited in any real way tonight. Thank you, Rachel. You forget how well he was playing prior to the injury, how well the Lakers were playing prior to the injury to James and Davis. They were 21-6. Caruso wide open. Nobody near him. And he cans the three. And they did, on that one, stay at home on Caldwell Pope. But Caruso shot the ball very well from three this year. Draymond Green gets inside and draws the foul on Andre Drummond. And Green's shaking up. Well, good stunt by Bazemore. But Caruso, again, really improved as a three-point shooter. Green will go to the line. Green has had an outstanding season, especially defensively. He gets the first, our upcoming national TV schedule. TNT tomorrow. Indiana and Washington. And that game, after Indiana with the victory, Washington losing to Boston. Then ESPN Friday, Memphis will play the loser of this game. It's a 9 Eastern start, and it'll be either in San Francisco or here at the Staples Center. I'll tell you, Indiana played a great offensive game. Wow. Down three of their main guys. Sabonis, he's a great, great offensive player. Absolutely. They started off great and did not let their foot off the gas pedal. Davis out to Kuzma. Kyle Kuzma, Montrez Harrell in the game. Draymond Green on Davis, one-on-one. Excellent defense again, stolen by Bazemore. Bazemore goes right at Davis, throws up a wild shot, and draws the foul. Anthony Davis picking up his first. That is outstanding defense by Draymond Green, one-on-one against Anthony Davis for the second time. You just battle them. And you stay in front and don't give them anything easy. Active hands. Secure your position. Be disciplined. And give your team a chance. Exactly what he did. Bazemore in the starting lineup. As Golden State has some injuries. Kelly Oubre still out with a left wrist. He's going to be reevaluated next week. James Wiseman, of course, their center. Out for the season with right knee surgery. Damian Lee also out. And, of course, that man missing his second consecutive year. Can't wait to see him back in uniform running up and down the floor. And they need him. And you look at this game, for example, the Warriors not going to win if Steph Curry doesn't get going at some point. The Lakers are forcing him to get rid of the basketball where he sees bodies in front of him. Descano Anderson misses the three. Coldwell Pulp the rebound. They're doing a good job of keeping two people. He comes off a pick and roll. They don't leave him until he gets rid of the basketball. Steph Curry's taking just three shots so far. Mulder some early minutes guarding Caruso. Coldwell Pulp. Nice screen set by Davis. Step back jumper. Won't go. Green has been absolutely great defensively. Curry against Kuzma. There's a double-team. Second turnover by Curry. Kuzma to Caruso drives inside. Lefty layup is good. It's goes crashing. Frank Vogel again saying, where is the whistle? A lot of contact there. And Caruso off the bench with five points. Active hands come up with the steal and good delivery by Kuzma. Caruso with the finish. That's clearly contact. He should be going to the line. Curry doubled again. He's going to the line. Draymond Green fakes. Davis right there. Five on the 24. Curry fakes the three. Gets away from Davis. Off one foot too strong. And here comes Kuzma. Lakers have made it difficult early for Steph Curry. Kuzma a three-pointer. And a loose ball foul is going to go against Curry. And coach, you know, people say, well, how can you get them going? Well, you can get them going by getting stops defensively and pushing the basketball. It's tough for the trap pick and rolls when you're pushing it in transition. And a technical foul, I believe, on Draymond Green. No green. Josh Tiven saying, I don't want to hear it. Green now trying to talk. Whatever happened to the parent that says, I don't want to hear it. And then you still talking. They said, I said, I don't want to hear it. That's the end of it. He just gave him an extra candy bar. That foul, by the way, was on Mulder, not Curry. As Davis hits the technical free throw. And now, much more pleasant conversation. Josh Tiven and I have a difference of opinion of what no more means. Josh Tiven has become one of the premier officials in the NBA in recent years. And you get a technical. And since we don't count this as the playoffs, it doesn't count against any suspension. So you can. These are freebies. Schroeder in there up top to Caruso. And throws it out of bounds. He was talking about the play-in stats do not count toward the regular season and do not count toward the playoffs. They kind of fade away, I suppose. But it's also, you know, it's the same for the broadcast. So whatever you say, it's okay. You can say whatever you want. It's not recorded. He does that anyway, Mike. I'm just saying they should count. I saw Jason Tatum's 50 as Mulder dumps. It counts. Put them in the postseason. This is the postseason. I'm in agreement with you. I think they're trying to figure out what's the best way. I just figured it out for them. I'm just saying what they're thinking. Curry on the rebound. Davis' miss. Curry way downtown. In and out. And Davis the rebound. Lakers shooting just 32% from the field, but they're only down by three. Montrez Harrell spins, flips it up. Shot won't go. Tipped by Kuzma. And another offensive rebound, which he's been doing all season. Schroeder misses the three. And Curry the rebound. Curry averaged a career high five and a half rebounds per game this year. Gets inside. Draws the foul. Counter. And one. And to me, that's the most underrated two things about his game. The rebounding aspect and the finishing aspect. That's just beautiful touch around the rim. This year he became the oldest scoring champion in the NBA in 23 years. When Michael Jordan was 35, he finished the season with 46 points on Sunday against Memphis. He was just absolutely sensational. Of course, a lot of the talk this week. LeBron James saying the other day about Steph Curry. He's the MVP. He had the best season all year. Well, he's had an incredible season. And it's a joy to cover him and watch him as Davis knocks down the little floater. He was 0 for 6, Anthony Davis, before that shot. And it's back to 4. But I like what he did. Instead of posting, screen on the ball and get some space from Green. Juan Toscano Anderson knocks down a three, turns and says something to the fans and runs down the floor. He has been one of the great stories this year in the NBA. The East Oakland native now playing for his team that he grew up rooting for. Schroeder, shot blocked to Toscano Anderson, saves it, but right to Harold. Blocked by Green, but a foul. And two free throws coming up for L.A. You see the great ball movement. Young fella gets it done. Oakland's finest. Proud to be a warrior. Well, this happy ending for him. He just signed a multi-year contract to play for the team again. He, growing up, rooted for. He was undrafted out of Marquette back in 2015. Took him five years to get to the NBA. Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela, the G League. And he has become so much more than an energy player. Bob Myers absolutely loves him. He's got terrific skill. He's extremely smart. Draymond Green says he changes the game with his intensity. And Steve Kerr says, I trust him. It's been a great story. And he's the one guy that can do Draymond Green type things on the floor. Initiating offense, setting screens, extra pass. What a find by the Warriors. Steve Kerr actually calls him a mini Draymond Green. You think I just freestyled that, Mike? Well, I wanted to give a little credit. Kavad Looney, the rebound. Six-point Warriors lead. And it's about a five-second difference between the shot clock and game clock. Larry, just two for six to start. Mulder, Wiggins, rebound Schroeder. Final seconds, no fouls to give here. Schroeder ahead to Davis. Davis, three-pointers up. Shot short. Welcome back to the State Farm NBA play-in tournament. I'm Rachel Nichols here with Coach Steve Kerr. Great start you guys got out to. Steve, what was working for you? Well, I thought our defense was really good, Rachel. And it's been good, you know, the last few weeks. And that's what we have to play off of. So our guys did a good job. What's your approach to the size disadvantage that your team has here tonight? Well, we just got to make sure everybody's engaged all the time and, you know, keeping everyone off the glass. They're obviously much bigger and stronger than we are. But if we're active and we're boxing out with all five guys, we can hold our own. Thanks so much, Steve. All right. Back to you, Mike. Thank you, Rachel. Fifth turnover for Golden State. James, five points in that first quarter. Taylor, important. Tucker out there with James Schroeder, Kuzma, and Harold. Horton, Tucker. Straight on three. That's good. This young man's having an excellent season in terms of taking some steps. But the three-pointer has been at times a struggle for him. Nice shot there. And it's a three-point game. Jordan Poole, the floater. Looney's follow misses. Harold the rebound. No Curry, no Green with James on the floor. This is going to be a challenge. James drives. Can't get it. And Kavon Looney grabs another rebound. Seven rebounds already for Kavon Looney. They'll need him with the size advantage of the Lakers. Mulder, catch and shoot. That's good. Three-pointer from Mulder. He can shoot the second-year guard from Kentucky. Well, you look at this unit on the floor for the Warriors right now. No Curry or Green, but they have the ability to compete at a high level, spread the floor, and they have shooting all around it. Schroeder drives. Schroeder misses. Looney grabs another defensive rebound. And interestingly, they have Toscano Anderson on Schroeder. Poole has it. Eight to shoot. Toscano Anderson. Not that time. Fight for the rebound. Come on, Looney. Nine rebounds now already. Another three. Mulder can't get it to go. Six-point goal in state lead. We're two minutes into the second. They played each other three times. Warriors won the first game. Lakers, two blowouts after that. But both teams obviously so radically different now. Kuzma. Kuzma. And it hit one of the wires atop the backboard. So, it's Golden State ball. And he's so proud of the way this team just kept fighting. And he says, now we've given ourselves a chance to make this season matter. Curry and Green, the leadership they showed. And the Warriors turned it around. Toscano Anderson, feet inside. Looney shot in and out. LeBron James rips down the rebound. That's outstanding possession, though. Great ball movement. Making plays for one another. Just wasn't able to finish. Toscano Anderson, like you mentioned before, Mark, can really pass and make plays. Montrezaro foul by Looney. And the former six-man winner with the Clippers will go to the line. It has not been an easy adjustment for Montrezaro. Last year, played so well for the L.A. Clippers. This year, he's had some good stretches. His numbers are solid. Not playing as many minutes. Not getting as much touches. But it's been inconsistent at times. Well, three centers makes it a challenge for the coaching staff and for the three players. And I think the thing, if I'm Harold, my mentality has got to be the way I got paid and made it in this league, I gave great energy, great effort, great enthusiasm from day one. So I was a difference maker because of the way I went about my business. He's got to get back to being that. Then he's a handful to defend. And I think it's interesting, too. I think the challenge going forward for the coaching staff is, at times last year, they played with, as a free throw rebound's given up, they played with Anthony Davis at center. So now that they have three other centers, do you ever get back to that lineup? Right. It's basically four centers that all feel they deserve time. Horton Tucker goes inside, flips it up, and an offensive foul is called. Horton Tucker picks up the personal. Frank Vogel obviously disagrees with the call. Horton Tucker wants to see the replay. Not a lot there. To me, that's not a defensive foul, but it's not an offensive foul either. Pull to Wiggins. Wiggins trying to slam it, shot blocked. Horton Tucker right there, minimum of the rim, and then a foul. As Wiggins goes crashing to the floor. I like Wiggins trying to attack like that. Attacking the rim. Good job of going vertical. But I like, like you talked about. They need him to be aggressive on the offensive end. Bow is on Caruso. Caruso picks up his first. Here's Poole. And Poole is fouled. Before any shot attempt, Caruso trying to fight over the screen, picks up his second. Caruso. And I agree with the Lakers defensively right now. You have to treat Jordan Poole the way you treat Steph Curry with that first unit because he's a guy that can get hot and then the rim opens up for him. Poole, the last six games average 20 a game. He had a career high 38 last week. And with Curry on the bench, Frank Volko said he's kind of taken over like the C.J. McCollum role in terms of when Lillard goes to the bench, McCollum has to score. They need Poole to score. Not that time as Kuzma gets the rebound. Not that he was comparing him to C.J. McCollum. Horton Tucker short on the threes. He's got nine points. He has a great right to left spin. Harrell. Knocked away. Ball picked up. Toscano Anderson. Two on one break. Goes right at LeBron James and finishes. And a timeout call by Frank Volko. They got a lot of doubt down there. We got a lot of belief. Good job, guys. Good quarter. Good quarter. Holding on on the boards. Defending without fouling. All good stuff. He has been proud of his team. Talked about, you know, disjointed early. Obviously the injury to Clay Thompson. He said that they've come together really well as the season went on. He kept telling the team late in the season, we're going to go on a run. We're going to go on a run. And they finished 15 and 5 in those last 20 games. And I like how Wiggins is picking up full court on occasions. James drives, gets inside. Blocked by Toscano Anderson. Knocked out of bounds. Still Laker ball. This is just good verticality. Boy, this kid is tough. Warriors have five blocked shots already. James gets inside. Bank shot. Missed it. Ball tipped out Toscano Anderson, pushing it up the floor. Mulder, Poole, Toscano Anderson out there with Looney and Wiggins. Wiggins fires a three. Way off. And it's Laker ball. And you look at this game right now with seven minutes to go in in the second quarter. One team is getting after it like they want it. And the other team is in chill mode. And if you're the Lakers, you have to respond because the Warriors are here to advance to Sunday. Kuzma gets that one to go. Prior to that shot, the Lakers were shooting 24% from the field. They had missed eight shots in a row. That's a very strong, assertive move by Kuzma. Wiggins to Looney. Toscano Anderson can't get the three. Montrez Harrell. With the board. James finds Montrez Harrell inside and throws it down in a crowd. This first field goal. A timeout call by Steve Kerr. The Warriors are shooting 38%, 29 from three. And Steph Curry has five points. You know, both these teams, their defense has been a big part of their success. As we mentioned, Lakers' number one defensive rating and the Warriors' number five. Poole goes right at. Drummond layup is good. Tough shot from Jordan Poole. Lakers looking to push the other way. Steve Kerr talked about that. He wants his team to really push the tempo tonight. Schroeder gets some room. Davis tries the three. Davis have not shot the ball well from three since his return from the camp injury. Curry finds some room. Gets inside. Draws the foul. Banker won't go. He's mad at himself. But he'll get two free throws. And that's two straight pick and rolls that Drummond has been ineffective in defending. He's got to get down a little bit lower. He has great feet. He can do this. But he can't reach and get himself out of position. Curry has talked this year. It's the best he's felt physically. And the best he has seen the game this year. And the year off last year might have helped that as well. Only five games played with a broken hand. There's no question it re-energized him. You know, players will talk about this. Guys who play in the finals year after year. The grind of that. LeBron James. That's one of the unbelievable things about what he's able to do. It's almost like another season. And it has recharged him. Dennis Schroeder trying to get going. Still looking for his first field goal. Throws it away. Green with a steal. That's great pick and roll defense. I mean, that superior ability to play two. Play the ball handler and play the role, man. You see Schroeder. He's got to come off to score. Green stunning at him and recovering. That's beautiful. That's outstanding. Steve Kerr talks about it all the time. He knows what the opponent is running. He blows up opponents plays all the time. Nice feet inside. But Bazemore rushed it. Although Davis's presence had something to do with that. Caldwell-Polpe three-pointer. Short. Right back to him. Up top to Schroeder. Caldwell-Polpe pass inside. Broke it up. Bazemore this time got a hand on it. Boy, active hands again from the Warriors. Pull. Explodes to the rim and finishes. Jordan Poole his second field goal. And it's back to a 10-point Warriors lead. The Lakers have 30 points. And there's under five to play in the first half. A third. Shooting. Schroeder fakes. Caruso. Barely had it in his hand. Knocks down the three. I'm looking at that last possession. Anthony Davis has Kent Bazemore on him. And comes out the center high screen and roll. A side screen and roll. Oh, give me the basketball. It's your time to be a little bit more aggressive. it. Nascano Anderson. Bazemore fakes. Drives on Caruso. Leans in on Drummond. Flips it up. Way off. And an offensive foul is going to be called on Anthony Davis. And Frank Bogle hot once again. Well right now Draymond Green is putting on a master's class on how to defend. He has taken Anthony Davis out of the ballgame. Now that's that's that's just a smart play. He puts himself in position to take the hit. But he is in the head of Anthony Davis thus far. And some join going on right now. And a technical foul. Hand it out. Double technical. John Goble came in. I believe it's on Davis and Toscano Anderson. The Warriors are saying why is it a double technical? If you're Draymond Green you don't want to get caught in this. You already have a technical foul yourself. So it is on Davis. But the other one's on Poole. Jordan Poole. That's like the old line. When the NCAA got really mad at Kentucky. They put Cleveland State on probation. Curry for three. His first three-pointer of the half. And from way downtown. And it makes it a ten-point game again. But Davis is now at the five position. And LeBron James back in. Schroeder 0 for 7. It's James Gardner by Toscano Anderson. Carlton. He's driving. Leans in. Excellent defense. Throws it away. Boy, this is Cleveland State defense. As you said, Mark. They're putting on a clinic here in the first half. Five to shoot for the Lakers. Caruso. Shot clock winding down and pull with a foul with 3.4 remaining on the shot clock. Davis gets that one to go. Just his second field goal. He was one for nine. Prior to that, it's an eight-point game. Despite the horrific shooting by the Lakers, especially their stars, again, they're only down eight. Curry, another three. Back-to-back threes for Steph Curry. Now he's got 12. And this equals the largest lead of the first half. Wiggins back in. Now Curry switches on James. Two former MVPs. Davis against Wiggins. Davis settles for the jump shot and rebound to Scott Anderson. Green. Beautiful pass ahead. Toscano Anderson stripped by Caldwell Pope. Schroeder tries a three. And Schroeder still without a field goal. James to Davis. Davis blocked. Green got a piece of it. And the Warriors go the other way. Another forced turnover by Golden State. Curry gets inside. Blocked by Schroeder. Here comes Caruso the other way. Caruso almost tried an alley-oop to himself. Somehow managed to get the layup to go. He did alley-oop it to himself. Got away with it. Which is fine. You can throw it up. But I tell you what. Green not giving James a dunk to me is next-level intelligence. Draymond Green cross-court to Paul. Paul for three. Knocks it down. Eighth three-pointer for Golden State. Now the Golden State Warriors showing once again why they've been one of the best defensive teams in the NBA this season. Led by Draymond Green. And guys, you've got to figure. You've watched so much basketball. He's one of the smartest defensive players I've seen in all my years covering the NBA. Well, I had the privilege of coaching him, so I'm well aware from day one. His instincts, his intelligence, superior. True to the drive. Nearly another forced turnover, but Caldwell Pope has it. And a whistle and a foul. Let's check in with Rachel. Mike, this is so interesting. According to all the tracking data we have now, if you look over the past eight years, no one has defended Anthony Davis on more plays than, yep, Draymond Green. So Draymond told me that that means there's no surprises. AD knows all of his little tricks. He knows all of Anthony's. Instead, he said, quote, what it's going to boil down to in this game, it boils down to heart. It boils down to who wants it more. It boils down to who can outthink the guy, other guy, on a particular play. He said, it's not that I will go ahead and say, I don't know what he's capable of. I know what he's capable of, Draymond said. It's can I stop him? And as you guys have noted tonight, we've seen a clinic. Draymond's been doing that work, Mike. Thank you, Rachel. As Wiggins picks up the foul, James hits the free throw. He just seems to shine come playoff time. He lives for these type of games, these type of matchups. But you know what he knows also, Coach? He knows that it's his advantage that comes down to heart. And it's no disrespect to Anthony Davis, but he has a fight his chance in that situation. If it boils down to talent, it's Anthony Davis all day long. Lakers shooting 30% from the field, 29% from three. And they have 38 points with a minute and a half to play in the second. Curry, three-pointer. Two-strong rebound, Caruso. Davis comes back to Caruso. Pool all over Caruso. And his headband knocked. Now James and Wiggins. Caldwell-Pulp, corner three is up. Shot no good. And Wiggins with a rebound. And great blockout by Toscano Anderson. You don't see blocking out, but he eliminated Davis' size with that blockout. Wiggins, nice turnaround. Shot wouldn't go. James looks to lead the break the other way. Pass inside. Caruso layup. Tough shot. Able to get it off the glass. Caruso is their leading scorer. And their only player double figures with 12. And that's a good sign of you're the Golden State Warriors. Game plan discipline. And I like this lineup with Davis at five. A lot more from a spacing standpoint. Pool, cross-cart. Toscano Anderson with five to shoot. And hits the three-pointer. Laun Toscano Anderson, eight points off the bench. Back to 12 with 25 seconds remaining. The three leading scores for the L.A. Lakers. James, Davis, and Schroeder. Three for 27 from the field. Schroeder, the drive. Layup is good. Tough shot. And he finally gets one to go. He was 0 for 8. And I'm not allowing Steph Curry to play one-on-one in this situation. Either are they. Curry stepped back three. Bang at the buzzer. Steph Curry from downtown. And the Warriors will take a 13-point lead into halftime. What a first half for Golden State. Defensively putting on a clinic. And then Curry coming alive from three-point range in the second period. Baysmore steps back three-pointer. Way off. Rebound Looney. But he's called for a push. Looney, by the way, had 11 rebounds in that first half as he picks up his second. Coach, if I was Dennis Schroeder, LeBron James, Anthony Davis, looking at what we talked about, the impact in that first half, I'd cut off the coach. The coach's speech in the locker room at halftime. And I'd look and say, I've got to be better. I've got to do a better job of taking care of my business. Forget about what's on the board. Again, considering those numbers, they're fortunate to be only down by 13, as we've seen in the NBA. 13 points is not a huge deficit to overcome. The shot clock's down to four. Schroeder drives on Wiggins. And a foul. He'll take it on the side. He'll send it over to Rachel. Well, Mike, I'm told there was plenty of excitement as the Warriors piled into the locker room, coming off that great step shot to close the first half. But I'm also told it only lasted about 15 seconds. And then Steve Kerr got everyone to buckle down and refocus. No major adjustments for the Warriors. But he did tell the team, prepare for the Lakers to make some runs here. They're a championship team. We just have to weather them. Meanwhile, over on the Lakers side, the coaching staff told players, they got to be more physical against this Warriors squad. They do have that size advantage. But they also told the guys, just relax. We're missing wide open shots. Just ease into it here. These are shots that you can make, Mike. Thank you, Rachel. This is Draymond Green. Picked up the foul. Initially, Josh Tivens said it was on the floor, but talked with his fellow officials. They changed it to the act of shooting. No, he got bullied by LeBron James into asking. No, that's the real deal. That's another way of putting it. And they changed the call. And I'm not saying it wasn't the right call. I'm saying that's why they discussed it. And I would have a different message for the Lakers. I wouldn't say relax. I would say we're too relaxed. Let's do something. No doubt Warriors look like the hungry team. Curry saves it, but right to shoot her on an Aaron pass from Green. And here comes James. James gets into the paint. Mid-range jumper. Shot won't go. Looney another rebound. Quick outlet to Curry. Curry to Bazemore. Attacks the rim. Layup. Shot no good. Golden State looking to push at every opportunity. Schroeder draws the foul. Shot won't go. But Steph Curry will pick up his second personal. And that's been a problem for Golden State all year, which is fouling too much. And to start this half, they haven't made them make shots. They put Schroeder to the line twice. Schroeder missed 14 days down the stretch with the health and safety protocols. Played the last two games, but his conditioning is far from where it should be. Shroeder led the team in scoring when LeBron James was out. Mark, they need him to be super aggressive. Absolutely out of pick and rolls in transition at their best. He's that third option and at times carries them offensively Curry to green green trying to jam it James and drumming right there James down the other end lamb Block a foul count it and one still went down and a chance for a three-point play and suddenly it's just a seven-point game with a free throw the coach a recipe for disaster if you're the Warriors Allowing the Lakers to get to the free throw line turning the basketball over and giving them easy opportunities in transition Sometimes teams in this league frustrate me, but what the Utah Jazz just did by giving out 52 full-ride scholarships to underserved kids is a home run that the whole league should adopt absolutely I When the players were calling the kids I looked at that video and I was absolutely so proud of Utah and The players I just thought it was brilliant So special for those young men and women as Wiggins spins and backs at home Back up to eight for goal and stay warriors have led the entire game Lakers have not led the largest lead The lead is 13 Right now 57 49 called well Pope to James James kicks it out Called well Pope off the bounce running lab is good sweet. Oh from contavious called. Well Pope. He's got eight points and I like that offensive set by Los Angeles having James as the screener When he's the screener it is really hard to guard pick and roll curry behind the back flips it up and Whipple short and as Davis grabs the rebound and especially the screener with curry involved that puts you in the dilemma defensively James to Davis Davis three-pointer won't go Lakers just five of 19 from downtown Nolan State has hit twice as many threes Dangerous pass stolen by Caldwell Pope Bobo Pope down the other end lay a block but a foul Raymond green upset after the turnover the Caldwell Pope will shoot a couple of free throws But again when we're talking about a team that's struggling to score you're giving them opportunities Carelessness on the offensive end by the Warriors and they're already the Lakers are already in the penalty So they're shooting the rest of the quarter while LA hasn't committed a team foul Well Golden State already five team fouls And Caldwell Pope's numbers One of these teams tonight will earn the seventh seed in the West and the right to get into the NBA playoffs and you can watch the NBA playoffs starting Saturday on ABC ESPN TNT and NBA TV the winner tonight The winner tonight Will face Phoenix Phoenix And that game one will be Sunday time to be determined in Phoenix against the Suns The Suns All right, just a spectacular season they finished second Utah finished one These two teams in the plan Schroeder against Wiggins playing physical Wiggins spins tied up shot clock at five green another turnover Davis brings it into the front court Backup Schroeder puts up the three puts it in Dennis Schroeder just his second field goal And it's a one-point game You get into rhythm at the free throw line so he caught a rhythm at the free throw line And now he knocks in the three And a foul down the other end Crowd doesn't like it. There's about 6,000 fans here at the Staples Center tonight And this is just a wide open catch-and-shoot three and Mike you mentioned 6,000 fans. I also love That they have they were able to get more fans because they have what a vaccinated section. Yep. I love that I love that Curry step back three-pointer and his foul Schroeder commits the personal that's gonna be his first and curry will shoot three free throws And I thought he kicked out his leg I would really think about challenging that He does get into that landing area And Mike you talked about the winner playing the Phoenix Suns want to say congratulations to coach Monte Williams who the coaches Voted him as the coach of the year. Yep his season in NBA a job well done and an award well deserved Absolutely terrific job and I love their whole team attitude. They weren't trying to to manipulate the standings eight Whoever comes our way comes our way How about the season Chris Paul has had for that team? Meanwhile these two coaches Will chess match right now? Curry hits all three lead back up to 418 points for curry As a successful coach in this league for so many years Did you ever try to manipulate the standings and see who you was gonna match up with? No, I just I had a like just whether I was right or wrong that whole Karma as Anthony Davis takes another three. I just didn't believe in it If you wanna if you're if you're a championship mentality. I just think you got to play everybody Blocked by Looney Drummond tried to get it to go. He thought he was fouled Again the initial dream on green defense on Davis force him to pass it Wiggins step back jumper got it Andrew Wiggins now with 13 points about the move by Wiggins That's not an easy shot. No, but he's got that right to left spin Wiggins one on one with LeBron James who's just two of nine from the field Jumper is good He's got to look at it like it's disrespectful as good a defender as Wiggins is you're gonna play me one on one recognize who I am take it personally Schroeder gets right up into curry curry splits the defense dangerous pass stolen by Caldwell Pope Dangerous pass stolen by Caldwell Pope That's nine turnovers Now for the Warriors Four of them already here in his third quarter. We played just five minutes Schroeder baseline jumper is short Curry triple team finds Looney Touch pass to Baysmore Corner three is good Baysmore with his third three pointer And now Frank Vogel wants a timeout the lead right back up to seven The eleven three pointer for Golden State You know what I like to? The sweatsuits That's a good one. I like to The sweatsuits That the Warriors are wearing with paying homage to Oakland That's pretty that's pretty good. I love that Drummond hands off Caldwell Pope Double team him Davis swings it now Schroeder across the lane shot clock down a seven Schroeder given some room hesitated shot clock at two Caruso on the drive I'm not sure I'm a pull-up shot way off And a 24 second violation another Excellent defensive sequence from Golden State But I thought Schroeder cooperated he had a couple of shots that he turned down instead of being aggressive And I'll tell you what I find interesting Didn't they say before the game that they wanted to limit LeBron James to 28 or 30 minutes? He only has eight minutes left He's sitting right now. He played six minutes He's sitting right now. He played six minutes He's sitting right now. He played 17 and a half minutes in the first half And 22 overall so Wiggins against Caruso Wiggins nice feet inside Looney gathers And throws up a shot off the glass just his second field goal But Looney's played some excellent defense and he has 12 rebounds And they missed him earlier in the possession by Green on a slip Drummond across the lane flips it up and in Four points for Drummond Curry gets away from the double team continues left handed off the glass won't go chipped in by Kevon Looney Looney Looney Looney part of those championship teams He's got the corporate knowledge Drummond calling for one-on-one with Angels Chick累 mенное Drummond calling for one-on-one with Looney spins in the paint falls down lost it and base more fouled by Schroeder And if I'm the Warriors you're doing me a favor Posting up drumming against Looney. I know he scored the last possession But if I'm Anthony Davis, I've got to look to be aggressive and demand the basketball This is not this is not a winning recipe coach. I I agree if you can get them to post drumming That plays away from their strength, but again, I like this Inserting the highly intense Wes Matthews and putting Anthony Davis at the center position Matthews his first minutes tonight curry long distance. That's a three step curry his fourth three-pointer of the game. It's back up to a dozen Toscano Anderson and Mulder back in now stripped by Green and stolen ball loose picked up by curry knocked out of his hands by Caruso Caldwell Pope to Caruso Cross-court Matthews Matthews for three Talk about an instant contribution And that's a huge turn of events up 12 all the momentum going in transition curry turns it over and then a three Caruso steel on that an important play and That a foul called on Caldwell Pope Frank Vogel irate again I'm looking at the sideline and you see greatness and Drake and Michael B Jordan just shaking their head as chef curry with the shot and the response Caruso to Matthews knockdown shot Given the lake is life Matthews in his first year and there they are That a court side dream on green block by Davis Anthony Davis sensational defensive play and Green usually gets a layup of game off that fake to curry Davis calling for it gets it inside shots good and one Davis at both ends and a chance for a three-point play Coach here's what you're talking about putting Davis at the five so the screen and roll takes Draymond green off him puts a smaller Anderson on him he can have his way gets the contact and the finish well and there's room to move and post Here he starts it off. That's a tremendous Block shot, but it starts with the lineup construction That with four perimeter players surrounding Davis He can go in there without Drummond or another center clogging it up Anthony Davis only 36 games played during the regular season miss 36 30 of them with that right calf He was starting to show signs last final games of the season at that 42 point game against Phoenix He has struggled so far tonight, but still a long way to go Six-point Warriors lead four minutes to play pass inside to curry missed the layup, but a foul We got to show that that that is brilliance moving without the basketball and not a foul a goaltending. I Mean right marks of two points for courage. It's just so good What if more guys were willing to move at the speed and the consistency of curry they'd be rewarded to Matthews misses? Curry stumbles a bit keeps his dribble alive against Davis lost it fall deflected and a backcourt violation Well curry's been loose with the ball This quarter but this is brilliant comes off the initial screen sets it up like he's gonna come off the stagger back cuts That's just Well, Anthony Davis was saying, you know Usually when a guy gives up the ball the defender can relax a little bit he goes But that's when Steph Curry is his most dangerous after he gives up the ball I know I said it before but think about it you add clay Thompson who moves in a similar form and fashion The pressure that they put on your defense collectively is unmatched in the history of this game Matthews to Davis scar to buy Toscano Anderson Green looking to help Davis spins contested shot way off That one at the side of the backboard and green gets the rebound A well-timed double team by green on the baseline side Davis now three for 16 to Scott Oh Anderson pass the base more Lot of contact over in the far side baseball 3.01 go Davis the rebound Under three to play here in the third Alex Caruso goes all the way blocked by green base more the other way Traymond green again just putting on a defensive clinic Plus six assists five rebounds gets inside layup. He missed it Ball knocked out of bounds still golden state ball green thought he was fouled As Caruso turning the corner Sees green That's outstanding defense and help by Draymond green has been doing it all night long. That's his third block Warriors have eight to shoot Jordan pool has come in LeBron James back in Pass inside the Wiggins stolen by James that's the seventh turnover here in the third they only had five the first half Kuzma to Davis The fast break can be lethal for the Lakers and they've cut the deficit to six and the Warriors lose this game They're gonna look at this quarter and recognize. This is where it happened Carelessness on the offensive end Another turnover But Warriors get it back Wiggins for three Under two to play third quarter here in this play-in game Kuzma backdoor layup is good Kuzma backdoor layup is good Timeout golden state This one has been terrific The marquee matchup of the plan is not disappointed Curry tied up gets it inside the green green to Wiggins Wiggins hard off the glass won't go the tip is up and good Boy Wiggins playing with a force tonight at both ends. He's got 15. It's a six-point Warriors lead Matthews cuts looking for Davis James three-pointer puts it in his first three-pointer Of the night and it's a three-point game, but you look at the post-up play where Wiggins had a one-on-one. He shoots a Fade away one leg a shot now knocks down a three. That's good defense sometimes You just got to give credit to greatness. Oh curry beautiful pass, but Wiggins couldn't handle it and Kuzma comes the other way Lop it in Davis throws it down Lakers within one Boy is it fun to hear a large crowd the noise of that once again Curry on the drive Curry for three that's good Steph Curry from way downtown his fifth three-pointer of the night You know tough a shot that was I Mean other great NBA players Can't shoot that he is one of a kind on that type of pass it sprint catch and fire James back to order Caruso another backdoor cut leads to a layup But there's more space on the floor now that the traditional center is out and And so there's more cutting avenues no fouls to give here for the Lakers stream on green wide open for three Welcome back to the State Farm NBA play in tournament here with coach Frank Vogel Frank What do you attribute that lockdown defense in the third quarter? You really forced a bunch of Warriors turnovers Yeah defensive is pretty good most of the night You know we ratcheted it up a little bit in that quarter We know that steps quarter to get going still hit a few bombs on us You know we got to live with that But you know our guys are motivated and you know we take pride in the number one defense in the league and we're gonna need it down a stretch here Do or die fourth quarter a playoff berth on the line. You've got Steph Curry on the other side What do you tell your guys got to execute? Okay, just that's what you got to worry about scoot our defensive coverages and get a good shot every time down. Thank you so much All right, Rachel James the rebound after the beautiful feed to Davis to tie the game opening minute here fourth quarter Warriors largest lead was 13 early in the third and the Warriors did a good job when curry and green rested in the first half But this is danger zone right now James inside bank shot missed it and come on looney could not quite hold on And it's Laker ball with 14 now on the shot clock And I love this substitution of Draymond green coming back in that's just a beautiful pass to Davis You need to match greens minutes with Davis Who's been trying to get free and they lob it into Kuzma over pool lays it up and in and the Lakers with their first lead of the night? How long does Steve Kerr leave Steph Curry out of this ballgame? That's the ninth assists from LeBron James Mulder to pool Bulls been excellent off the bench down the stretch of the regular season It's a whole different ballgame Mulder harassed and stolen by Caruso the turnovers continue to mount the second half for the Warriors And this is where Wiggins was stationary that entire possession He's got to be great when curry rests James drives on Toscano Anderson layup banks at home Timeout Golden State Wiggins battling with Matthews Matthews an excellent defender throughout his career Wiggins trying to draw foul didn't get the whistle We said a lot about the lake the Warriors turning the ball over you got to give credit to this lake of defense They have increased the value and I think it starts with who you're playing so Wes Matthews He has been intense as James goes in with the reverse And there's more room on the floor A six-point lead this a nineteen-point turnaround here in the second half curry looking to scotting Anderson driving layup Offensive foul James draws the charge Davis falls on top of them And I think Steve Kerr may be challenging this and that's a block And it is going to be a challenge And it is going to be a challenge So they'll challenge those guys will get up and we'll see what happens Eight points five rebounds off the bench It's only the eleventh and twelfth free throws of the game for Golden State Second half so far They haven't played Montrez Harrell They haven't played Horton Tucker They've gone with a very tight rotation Steve Kerr has only played eight players His team trails by five two and a half gone by in the fourth Caruso the drive Davis the tip won't go to scotlanders and the rebound again dream on green contesting the shot Hurry back in the green Davis on curry Green pass tried to thread the needle and turned it over I had beautiful feed to Matthews good transition defense though from the Warriors Kuzma the drive Good transition defense though from the Warriors Kuzma the drive can't finish Wiggins barrels into Matthews offensive foul Boy what a call from Frank Vogel to get West Matthews off the bench he has really had an impact as a coach You have to have guys that you trust that when it's when it matters most I know exactly what they're gonna do and West Matthews has been proven to be a competitor at an elite level and a guy that has no quit and he has come out and got it done on a defensive end especially this is why they signed him it's his first year with the Lakers he's 34 his 12th year in the league the Lakers are his seventh team he's always been an excellent defensive player tough fearless Rob Blanca wanted to bring him for these kind of games there's certain matchups you need him defensively can also hit a three competitors only apply it's hard to find great competitors and a great competitors and a great competitor and a guy that has no quit and he has come out and got it done on a defensive end especially this is why they signed him it's his first year with the Lakers he's 34 his 12th year in the league the Lakers are his seventh team he's always been an excellent defensive player competitors only apply it's hard to find great competitors Wes Matthews is Davis jump shot got it Anthony Davis has come alive in the second half the Laker lead is seven Curry for three answers Steph Curry with a six three pointer he's got 29 when he cleared a whole side eliminate the help and allow Steph Curry to win his matchup one on one and correct one on one and Caruso was substituted out of the game Curry on Davis isolated there on the elbow Wiggins looking to help Paul comes over to help Matthews inside Kuzma shot clock at four Kuzma tough fall away shot in and out now the fight for the rebound goes to dream on green Curry on the drive scoop layup he banks at home ball what a sweet ball from curry 31 points and it's a two point game and pool just pushing Matthews out of the way that's going to be the first team foul here on the fourth no Caruso harassing him through the inserted into the game Steph Curry knocks down to three gets a rhythm and keeps them off balance turns the corner spectacular finish before the contest an efficient game for curry 10 of 18 from the field six of nine from three Davis left alone for three got it Anthony Davis his first three pointer of the night he was 0 for five and it's back to a five point Laker lead get a couple layups get a dunk and now the jump shot becomes a little bit easier he struggled from three-point range all season long just 26 percent well good find by James as green tries to take away the role always chatting away his dream on green Curry gets free drives inside scoop layup missed it he thought he was hit Steve Kerr is furious here's James the other way long three pointer Karems out to Mulder Jordan pull all beautiful crossover tried to jam it ball knocks loose out of bounds and it's going to be Warriors ball that would have been quite the highlight for Jordan pool I'm giving him a point just for the move and he got fouled how was that not a foul? why are you looking at me? I'm not reffing Wiggins pull on the inbound and it's back to three Truder brings it up with 643 remaining LeBron James sitting right now Truder brings it up with 643 remaining LeBron James sitting right now LeBron James sitting right now well he's at his minute limit I wonder if we'll see him again entry pass knocked away by Draymond green pull ahead to Wiggins Wiggins drives floats it up shot is good 19 points for Wiggins and it's back to one timeout LA Marv Albert the greatest basketball announcer of all time whose impact on aspiring broadcasters is immeasurable congratulations thanks for a spectacular career Marv Albert and I'm one of those guys three years with Marv Albert as a partner congratulations legend pull misses screen dives Kuzmino comes up with it just past the midway point of the fourth Schroeder draws the foul shot won't go I'm just trying to imagine you as a head coach of the Lakers right now which the looks you would be giving LeBron James like basically asking him are you are you ready yet? no I wouldn't be giving him dirty looks I'd be given that whoever's in charge of the minutes police I'd be like come on now we'll give him off tomorrow and the next day as Caruso is going to come back to the next day and the next day as Caruso is going to come back to the next day and the next day lead to the next day that's a great deal I mean he's gonna be giving him dirty looks I'd be given that whoever's in charge of the minutes police I'd be like come on now we'll give him off tomorrow and the next day as Caruso is gonna come back in to the game Schroeder has struggled tonight just two of eleven from the field but hits the free throw Lakers back up to Caruso will come in He made his presence felt. I think the key obviously was the Lakers activity. But I think Frank Vogel found for this game, Davis at five, playing huge minutes, already up to 36. And going to Wes Matthews was a huge factor in their swarming defense. Schroeder goes one for two. Caruso back in the guard. Curry finds Wiggins. Wiggins gets inside, draws the contact and banks it home. Chance for a three-point play. Big plays from Wiggins on both ends of the floor tonight. An unselfishness of Steph Curry. Takes the double team, gets rid of the basketball. Wiggins aggressive, turns the corner. And if anybody on the lake is not defending Curry, you have to pull all the way over so he doesn't have the ability to catch and finish. Wiggins wants to get the victory, get back in the playoffs. He's only been in the playoffs once in his first six years in the league. That was five games in the first round with Minnesota in 2018. He has had a terrific season. He's played 71 of the 72 games in the regular season. And here in the play-in, 21 points on 10 of 18 from the field. He's available every game, every year. He plays all the time. As durable as any player in this league. Kuzma back out to Schroeder. Shot clock at three. Puts up the three. Shot won't go. One of the foul. Davis, the offensive rebound. Back up and banks it home. But there's an awful lot of contact. Not just on the shot, but also Davis' rebound and finish. Anthony Davis discarded people. Curry reverse. With the English off the glass. A little more magic from Steph Curry. He's got 33. And LeBron James is coming back in. Schroeder drives inside. Caruso missed the layup. Curry the rebound. Curry to Wiggins. Jordan pulled. Nope. They wave it off. An offensive foul. I'm going to say on the screen set by Draymond Green. Not allowing the chase down contest. James will return. Three fouls on Green. Credit to Anthony Davis for not giving up on the play. So his effort to try to get to the shooter. Forced that call. That's 12 second half turnovers for Golden State. They only had five in the first half. They led by 13 at halftime. Lakers have taken the lead here in the fourth. They've led by as many as seven. Right now all tied with four and a half to play. And this is a tough play to guard. The curl by Davis. Davis knocked away. Another steal from Draymond Green. And Mulder in the front court. Three steals. Three blocks for Green. Curry on the drive. Gets inside. Foul on jumper. No good. 11 rebounds for Davis. To go with 21 points. Mulder up and into Schroeder. Drives layup. Shot is good. Oh what a tough shot from Schroeder. And Draymond Green wanted a push off. Green's got to be careful with the referees. He already has a technical tonight. Gets the pass from Curry. Pull for three. Puts it in. Warriors back up by one. And that's where Green is great. You blitz Curry. And you get it to Green. And he plays four on three. He's a great, great decision maker. And it may boil down to just that. Other guys not named Curry making shots. Being ready and aggressive. Because the Lakers are forcing Curry. To get rid of the basketball. Dennis Schroeder tries. Drives on Wiggins. Flips it up. Shot no good. Rebound. Rebound. Draymond Green. And here come the Warriors. Up one. With 3.15 remaining. Curry fakes. Curry drives. Floats it up. Banks it home. Timeout Lakers. Here's the upcoming national TV schedule. TNT tomorrow. Indiana and Washington. At 8 Eastern. For the right to get into the playoffs. Then the ESPN on Friday. Memphis winning earlier tonight against San Antonio. Will play the loser of this game. And it will be at 9 Eastern. For more on these games. Visit NBA.com or the NBA app. This has been a thriller. Here at the Staples Center. Anthony Davis and the Lakers came back from 13 down. Took a seven point lead here in the fourth. But Steph Curry erupting here in the fourth. He's got 35 for the game. And it's the Warriors up three. And interestingly. Frank Vogel decides to sit Schroeder. And reinsert Wesley Matthews. I think it's the right move. Absolutely. They got to make an adjustment. Because the Warriors clearing a side for Curry. They have to recognize that defensively. The Lakers do. And be in position to help. James looking to post up Bazemore. Squares and faces. Seven on the shot clock. Wiggins looking to help. James. Four on the 24. James jumper. Short. Rebound. Matthews. Back out to James. Pass to Caruso. Corner three. Side of the backboard. And Bazemore gets the rebound. And I talked about it earlier. Wiggins forcing LeBron into that shot. That's a shot you're willing to give up. If you're the Warriors defensively. Against a bigger, stronger LeBron. And Caruso's defense forces the turnovers. Curry dribbles it out of bounds. Caruso inside the Davis. The runner. No good but a foul. That's absolutely inexcusable. On a turnover they didn't get matched up. So Green had to rotate to the wide open. Caruso. And now Davis gets fouled. So Poole picks up his third. And Anthony Davis will shoot free throws. Two for two tonight. It's only 74%. During the season. Big second half for Davis. Only had five points at halftime. 18 in the second half. One point game. Under two and a half remaining. Curry on the drive. The floater in the paint. Short. Wiggins tips it. But right to Davis. James running the floor. Pass to Caruso. Back to James. And he's fouled. Draymond Green would not let him get a layup. And James goes down. Holding his head. The officials discussing. I think they're going to take a look at it to see if it's a flagrant. He's going to take a look at it. Is there any more. Drafts. And there's contact to the head of LeBron James. It would be interesting to see. The conclusion that they come up with here. But there's clearly with the right hand. Of Draymond Green to the head. Goes up the block. This is a huge call again because it will be free throws and possession. And I think that's the first question as Green picks up his fourth personal. But clearly to me there was contact on the head according to the rule. But not everything to the head is a flagrant foul. You need to make up your mind, sir. No, I don't think it is one. I think it will be called one. And I hate when games are decided on these like. Influenced by like these like they're trying to split the atom over there and just like the other way. And I think that's the first game. Can we play ball? This is a great game. Absolutely. You have covered every base by the way my friend. Well done. Well James obviously shaken up by the play. So. He's going to get two free throws. And he's going to get two free throws and will they get possession. And he's smart enough to make sure they know he's hurt. Upon review a comment thousand called on Green. I'm going to name my next son John Goble. Bring some sanity back to the NBA. You know and again part of it. It's just such a crucial call for. I mean he's looking he's going up to block the shot hands down. I think what Steve said. There's no wind up. And the impact is because James comes into him. And I'm not going to take I'm not going to explain myself to the whole LA roster. Play ball. Well James will get the two free throws. I'm not good at Ripley lip reading but I think he just said something about trouble seeing. Well again as Steve Javis said it was an awkward fall and that made it look worse than it was. And apparently got poked in the eye too. My only problem with it it wasn't a contest to the basketball. It was a contest to the face. Because he can't jump as well. And he's going to get the ball. And he's going to get the ball. And he's going to get the ball. And he's going to get the ball. And he's going to get the ball. Ties the game with 2 0 7 remaining. I've been there before squinting my eyes just in case I miss a free throw so I have an excuse. I've been there. I've been there. I've been there. Had a rough first half but has made huge plays here in the second half. A triple double. Misses the second. And a loose ball foul is going to go against LeBron James. Jordan Poole did a good job pursuing that rebound. And really you look right now both teams are shooting the rest of the way. So if you're going to be physical defensively you have to be physical and disciplined also. Well you don't give up free throws. Each team with one timeout left and as Mark said both teams in the penalty. Bazemore to Poole. Wiggins, Green and Curry. And an offensive foul call on Draymond Green on the moving screen. Wes Matthews draws that turnover. Steve Kerr can't believe that call. Nor can Green who picks up his fifth. And that's not a legal screen to me. That's Wes Matthews selling the foul. He's had an important impact on this second half. Caldwell Pope back up to James. Wiggins has done an excellent job defensively on him tonight. Shot clock at six. James looking to get a running start now. Pass to Caruso. Caruso on the drive. Inside. Davis for the slam. Lakers back up two with a minute and a half to play. And Caruso has been outstanding. Outstanding. Great find. Curry the drive. Looking to draw contact. And he does. But they say before the shot doesn't matter. They're in the penalty. So two free throws for Curry to tie the game with one 23 left. Well they go back to putting Steph Curry into the pick and roll. Knowing they don't want to switch it. James came off. Touched it to Caruso who just caught it on a stampede to the basket. And dropped it off to Davis. Well Anthony Davis who had an awful first half. Has come alive. 25 points including. 13 here in the fourth quarter. As Curry hits the free throw. And played 41 minutes so far. 12 rebounds as well. And has made some excellent defensive plays in the second half. This game has been so much about defense from both teams. Curry ties the game. 37 points for Steph Curry. They get it to Caldwell Pope. Almost lost it. Shot clock at seven. James two defenders on him. To Caldwell Pope inside. He's tied up by Green. Throws it back up top. James puts up the three. Oh it's gone. LeBron James from downtown. As the shot clock expires. A desperation heave and the Lakers are up three. Green back to Curry. Curry sets. Leans in. Knocked away. Get it back from Curry. Shot clock at seven. Bazemore on the drive. Kicks it out. Pull for three. James the rebound with 32 seconds remaining. This is about a 10 second difference. Shot clock and game clock. They don't have to foul. I'm LeBron James. I'm putting my head down and attacking. Lost the ball. Gets it back. Matthews for three. Fight for the rebound. Tipped. Twice. Picked up by Paul. Ten seconds remaining. I'm going to foul. I'm not letting him shoot a three. They have a timeout left. But we'll call it here. Curry's trying to call it. And finally he gets it. Steve Curry came to half court. The officials couldn't see him. Or clearly couldn't hear him. And he gets the timeout with 2.1 remaining. We'll see if the officials look to see to perhaps put more time on the clock. They got a great look the last time by Jordan Poole in the corner. Off a nice pass by Bazemore. LeBron James with the three-pointer. Had to throw it up. The shot clock was expiring. It's a big-time shot. Awful execution. Realizes that the clock dwindled down. The good chase down by Curry. LeBron elevates and knocks down the biggest shot of the night. That's a 30-footer. And you see Curry. Who's had that look on opponents' faces after he knocks down threes. The same look as LeBron James with a clutch shot. He's still talking about his difficulty seeing after taking that shot in the face from Draymond Green. All right, guys. Obviously, Golden State needs a three-pointer here to try and force overtime. And for the Lakers, there's not enough time for them to foul and not allow a three-pointer, correct? It depends on where the ball is caught. And in what position. I wouldn't be surprised if Curry. Is used to try to free somebody else up. Because of team's natural reaction to him. No matter what type of cut he makes. And that guy defending the basketball and LeBron James in this scenario. I'd keep my eyes on Curry. Bazemore to inbound. Pool coming free. Curry trying to get free. Lost the ball. That's it. The Lakers are in the playoffs. The Warriors need to play on Friday. What a thriller here at the Staples Center. What a thriller here at the Staples Center. What a thriller here at the Staples Center. The Warriors. The Warriors need to be a thriller here at the top of the top of the top of the top of the top. What a show these two stars put on tonight. LeBron James. With his vision. Bothered after that shot from Draymond Green. It's the desperation heave that proved to be the game winner. Offsetting the 37 points from Steph Curry. The Warriors will play the Grizzlies on Friday night to keep their season alive. And the respect from the two former MVPs. The Warriors with an opportunity but. A defensive play ends this one and that's perhaps appropriate with all the terrific defense we saw tonight. This is. He didn't even catch it in rhythm. He didn't even catch it in rhythm. And he was blind. And the game winning three pointer. And he was blind. And he was blind. James. With 22 points. 11 rebounds. 10 assists. And the game winning three pointer. Is with Rachel. LeBron congratulations on the win. Nice little celebration there with Anthony Davis. Yes sir. Yes sir. You already know. What does this mean to you guys to be officially in the play end bracket. In the playoff bracket. And to do it with this kind of win tonight. Over a team that has really been such a huge rival for you. Over the second half of your career. Well I mean going into the postseason I think it's two of the hottest teams. I think we were a winner of five. They were a winner of seven or eight or whatever the case may be. So both teams playing at a high level. And we knew that they're going to come up to our floor and give everything they had. You know they hit us in the mouth in the first half. And we just had to respond. And we did that on the defensive end. And got some great contributions from guys off the bench. And we all you know chipped in for this winger. We got to talk about that shot you hit with about a minute left. The three. You didn't even look in rhythm there. What were you thinking as the ball left your hands? You know just. I put in a lot of work in my game. You know after you know drape my finger to the eye. I was literally seeing three three rims out there. So I just shot at the middle one. And I was able to. The grace of the man above I was able to knock it down. When in doubt go for the middle rim. What did it feel like when you were down there on the floor when you took that hard fall. Were you worried that you wouldn't be able to continue in the game or have more problems. You know I've been there before. You know I've been poked in the eye before. You know on a rim collision like that. So. Just try to keep my composure. You know it's going to be pretty sore tonight. I know that for sure. But we have a few days until we do until we know. When we'll go to Phoenix. But. It's a big time win for us. And I definitely wasn't leaving the floor no matter if I had to. You know. Put a pirate patch on my eyes. So. I love this team. I love to compete. One big rivalry down with this win tonight. But you've got another one to go with an old friend in Chris Paul. You mentioned going to Phoenix and facing the Suns. What do you think that matchup is going to be like. You know they played extremely well all year and they deserve to. You know host. You know home court in the first round. And CP. You know played at an MVP caliber year. And they deserve to. You know host. You know home court in the first round. And CP. You know played at an MVP caliber year. And they deserve to. You know. You know. They've given those guys a supporting cast around them. So. You know. We know what we're going to get out of CP. We know how good. You know. How great CP is. How great book is. Up and coming surgeons from. You know from Aiden. You know. But it's the other guys as well that we've got to make sure we key in on. Because they've been playing extremely well all year. And that's why they've been the second best team in the West. Thank you so much LeBron. Congratulations. We'll see you in Phoenix. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know the next psychology of the season. Alright fuck you in Phoenix. Thanks. You know it. I'll be near a Undert付 estate time. Or if you wish to work on your new new new new New York City. Or if youàngtxt dayd if you go to Washington. May 26. Thanks so much. We'll see you in Phoenix. YOU KNOW IT. You know it. You know it. You know it. You know it. This is book New York City. We'll see you in Phoenix. You know it. We'll see you in Phoenix. You know it.